# My Computing experiences
## Best In-Class Computing Experience
My best in-class experience in Computer Science so far would have to be the Software Engineering course that I took at the university I transferred from. The course was meant to show us how to design real systems, so we recreated our school's course registration system. We had to refer to our professor and TAs as "management", and worked on the project all semester. This taught me so much about how to work individually and on a team to create a large software system and follow design patterns. 
## Best Out-of-Class Computing Experience
My best out-of-class computing experience would be interning at SAS. I started my first internship with SAS as a junior in high school, and while I knew how to code, there was so much knowledge about computers outside of programming that I was lacking. My first day, after a confusing tour introducing me to a bunch of hardware in the IT warehouse I had never seen before, my manager told me that I would be working with "MAC addresses" all summer to create and automate a large database system. At that point, I was feeling pretty intimidated, so I didn't want to admit to him I had never worked with Apple products before. Looking back, I always laugh, because I quickly learned what a MAC Address actually was- I don't think I'll ever forget what the acronym stands for. Over the two summers that I worked with SAS, I ended up creating a system that used MAC addresses as a base to map out the campus's wired PC network. I learned so much through this project, considering I did not even know what a MAC address was starting out, and I had the chance to try so many cool technologies and software languages I hadn't had the chance to try out yet. Working at SAS also made me realize how much you can do with Computer Science. Through networking and talking to employees in the R&D department, I learned about the many ways Computer Science can be used in the medical field to improve patients' lives, which is ultimately what I want to spend my career doing.
